This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v2.0 or
any later version at your choice.

The scripts in this project are Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Akarsh Simha
<akarshsimha@gmail.com> and Prashanth M G <prasha1982@gmail.com>

The purpose of this project is to enable mass sending of SMS
notifications to a phonebook without having an SMS gateway. This is
ideal for small volume messaging, with less than 1000 people, where
buying a gateway would be overkill.

The scripts invoke gnokii repeatedly to send SMS to each number in a
phone book. The scripts are error tolerant, in the sense that it does
not give up until the SMS is sent to a given number.


Using the Script
================

To use the script, create the phone book file and the SMS text file
first.

By default, the script looks for a phone book file called 'phbook' in
the working directory. The phone book file should have the phone
number as the first entry. 'Arguments' can be written as fields
separated by '|'. They _may not contain spaces_ as of this version. An
example entry would thus look like:

98452723489|Anandan|4323

Up to three argument fields may be specified.

The default SMS file is SMS.txt in the working directory. SMS.txt
contains the SMS in plain text. The arguments are specified by <1>,
<2> and <3>. The script replaces these by the appropriate arguments
picked up from the phone book. An example SMS.txt would look like:

Dear <1>, your registration number is <2>.

There is no check that the SMS size is under 140 characters. Please
ensure that you check that it is < 140 chars after replacing <1>
etc. with the longest arguments.

Once these are set up, run the script by doing ./script.sh

You may need to chmod 755 script.sh if you get a permission denied
error.


Logging and Errors
==================

Please watch the console for important output. Colours highlight
important messages, if you have a terminal that supports colour.

The file gnokii.out contains the output of gnokii. The file
smssend.err contains any errors logged during the process of sending
SMS.


Licensing Information for this Document
=======================================

This document is licensed under the GNU General Public License v2.0
This document is Copyright (c) 2010 Akarsh Simha <akarshsimha@gmail.com>
